what is up youtube it's your girl evelyn
and i am back with the season 4 episode
8 recap
of wynonna herb so sit back enjoy the
video
and as always there will be spoilers so
proceed with caution
episode 8 begins in the best way
possible
with a naked winona after a night of
passion with eamonn
winona wakes up surrounded by glory hole
employees who are decorating the club
for halloween wynonna wraps a curtain
around herself
because i guess her clothes just
evaporated
she makes a little after sex small talk
with eamonn then leaves
we get a glimpse of some kind of evil
wheel of fortune thingy
so i'm guessing eamonn's up to some
shenanigans in this episode
elsewhere in purgatory two bbd agents
are patrolling a field
that's right black badge is back well
not these two they get killed by a
bulletproof scarecrow
back at the homestead waverly is saying
goodbye to daddy
uh i mean nicole who's on her way to the
city with rachel to buy a wedding dress
so i guess rachel didn't get killed by
billy last episode
that's good our boy jeremy is also back
and it seems wynonna hasn't been killing
enough demons for
bbd's liking so it's up to jeremy to get
her back
on track starting with that pesky killer
scarecrow
the gang meets up at the sheriff station
and jeremy provides some intel
about rotten jack who's a halloween
demon of sorts
every year during halloween he uh kills
people
black badge wants rotten jack alive for
whatever reason
so jeremy gives wynonna a three-hour
deadline
along with some vague instructions about
an extractor
back at the glory hole we learned that
eamon's evil wheel of fortune
is actually an evil betting wheel of
fortune he's taking bets on who rotten
jack will kill next
and he's also live streaming it because
this is 2021
but eamon has a problem he needs more
booze
and getting booze is doc's job but just
like winona
doc's also been slacking lately and when
aemon confronts him he quits
somewhere along the edge of the ghost
river triangle the herb girls are on the
hunt for
an extractor and stumble upon an rv that
belongs to our boy casey
you guys remember casey wynonna's demon
cellmate in the chili cook-off episode
turns out casey is also the extractor
somehow but casey is not about that
black badge life
so he puts on a gas mask and makes a run
for it
wynonna and waverly follow him into a
dense fog
but when they come out of the fog their
memories have been erased
casey tells them they're just a little
bit high
and sends them home back at the
homestead things get
a little wacky and mistaken identity
hijinks ensue
eventually all the good guys and the bad
guys
realize wynonna and waverly have lost
the plot
and everything comes to a head at
eamon's rotten jack twitch party
eamon tries to auction off the earp
girls to the highest demon bitter
because
he's evil thankfully the good guys show
up just in time
jeremy shoots wynonna and waverly with a
bbd serum that restores their memory and
they take down rotten jack with casey's
help
because apparently only the extractor
can reach inside rotten jack's head
and pull out a candle yep
a candle jeremy then explains what the
heck has been going on for this
entire episode turns out when the gang
returned from the garden
they brought the memory stealing fog
along with them
and like fogs are prone to do this one
settled around the edges of the ghost
river triangle
and if you hang out in it for too long
you not only lose your memory
but you also tear your face off with
your bare hands
just ask robin and his new face robin is
now a bbd accountant
with no memory of his life before and
jeremy decided not to tell him because
well i'm not really sure also the mind
wiping slash
face ripping off fog is spreading back
at the homestead
waverly and wynonna are chilling outside
bonding over their terrible childhood
when daddy returns home dressed in her
uniform so
i guess nicole is the sheriff again
[Music]
and last but not least doc captures
eamonn and gives him over to a bunch of
demons to
do whatever they want to him that is it
for the recap
i hope you enjoyed the video and i'll
see you in the next one
[Music]
you